For four years, I worked with Ms. Walton, and she's
one of the sweetest women I've seen in my life. And
when I graduated, she gave me $25, which was a lot of
money. Describe, in personality, describe the
Waltons, both.
Well, as I said, Ms. Walton was just like a mother.
we always have something on that table. And that's
where I learned that a president's wife has
something more to worry about than what's on that
flower table, what she has on the table. So that we
made, I observed what she did as a president's wife
and how she entertained and she'd tell me what she
did. That was four years of good training with her.
I learned a lot about what a present wife is
expected to do other than being his wife. And I
remember one night we bought flowers. I think we
bought a dozen Picardy glass. It's that peach
colored glass. And I guess somebody, must have
been Eleanor Roosevelt or somebody came,
somebody big. I know in that big living room with
the whole house that burned was the most beautiful
maroon carpet I thought I'd ever seen in my life.
And I had thought I'd never seen that much of it
before. And there was a beautiful crystal
chandelier that hung over the stairway. And in one
of the remodeling things, that thing just
disappeared. I don't know where it went. Somebody
said, well, it was put up in the attic, but it never
was found. And it wasn't there when the house
burned. They know that.
Let me see what else. Describe Mr. Walton in
personality. Well, he, as I remember him very
much, he was bright bald and gray and a big round
face. I didn't see him very often, except every now
and then Ms. Walton went in passing and we'd see.
But he knew that I was taking care of what she
needed, and that's all he wanted to know, too.
That's the way it goes, you know. But I learned
right there. how you take care of a president's
wife. And I was, you know, in Oklahoma, I was with
Dr. Cross, Ms. Cross. He was present 25 years. And I
took care, I knew right away that Ms. Cross, she was
a great PR person much later than, I mean, the
Waltons, you see. And that's when the president's
wife was more active in a lot of things. And she
could think of things that would make him look
good. For instance, one Christmas, we had a
student who grew a bunch of poinsettias. And she
herself delivered those poinsettias to old
retired faculty people for Christmas. And those
people never forgot that. And she told me a long
time before she retired, before I got here, she
says, we'll miss the flowers. or anything we'll
miss. And I learned again, I learned again that
from Ms. Walton. It was Ms. Walton that taught me
what to do and why. And that was real good training.
And every time I went back to the campus, I went to
see Ms. Walton and visited with her, and she'd ask
me what I was doing and what I was doing. I would do
the things she taught me to do. She loved that so
much, which was right. It was true. She did a good
job of it. And I'd
go back to see her every time and visit with her and
talk to her about how I appreciated all she'd done
for me. And when she died, I was the only non-family
member that was a pallbearer, which I cherish very
much. All together, Mr. Walton was so busy, and he
just, I didn't see much of him. Of course, you don't
see much of a president, get it, back in those days.
There was not that much emphasis on academics for a
president as there was later. Where was the
president's office in those years?
Let's see. When did we get? Was it down in that what
is now the Jack Williams building? Yes, it was.
They had a big room with a fireplace in it. I
remember that, oh yeah, that's where I first met,
who was the last secretary down there, so long.
I'll
never forget her. Anyway, it was at that, also, you
remember the beautiful stairway at Travertine
Marble? It was so soft, people cut it with their
fingernails. It ruined it.
Let's see, when you were a student, the YMCA was a
center of activity. Everything. That's where
Yale practiced. They had Yale practice in front of
that until I'll be in my senior year. And that got so
big, they transferred it over to Henderson Hall,
where the chimney sweeps came from. And it
got so big that we couldn't handle it there
anymore. I do remember. Do you remember Guyon
Hall? Sure. Well, you know, there were two trees in
that bed in front of Guyon Hall, Cedar Elms. And so
they moved them, and we put one just to the, as you
face the YMCA, we put one just to the right of the Y,
Cedar Elm. It was still there the last time I knew.
And then When they got ready to tear down Guyon, I
begged them to. There's this beautiful columns,
fluted-iron columns, and the tablature above
said, Ignorance is the curse of God, knowledge of
the wind will fly to the world, it will fly to heaven
by Shakespeare. I begged them to say that the
tablature or one of the columns or something as a
memorial. And I was told that they didn't have
enough money for that kind of food, so they took it
down and threw it away. Every bit of it. What did you
students do at the Y?
Well, first of all, that was the Cases
Confectionery. That's the only place you could
get a drink on that whole area of town. And Cases
Confectionery was good. You'd get sandwiches and
things there, if you had any money. There was one
telephone there, and you could use it just so long
that you had to get off. And if you didn't get off,
somebody got you off.
And that was in the, just off the lobby of it. Why?
And of course, there was no newspapers there and
everything like that. And you could come, you
could get over there and escape the sophomores
sometimes. Were there some pool tables? Yes, and
I'm trying to think where the, well, the pool table
was in the basement. There at one time was a small
pool down there, but I believe they'd covered it
over and made a pool all
out of it. Yeah, I'm sure, I think that's the time
that they had done away with the pool. The pool was
so small that you couldn't get in or out of it
hardly. Did you know Mr. Cashin? Oh, yes. Describe
him, please. I think the brother had a set over the
land with any more glasses. And I
knew this Red Cajun, yeah. He had two little boys.
Yeah, two little boys. Yes, I knew Mr. Cajun. And he
had a good program going there for the time. Those
two little boys, did you see much of them on the
campus, Red and Jim? I knew Red Cash because he
played football. I couldn't remember the little
boy's name if I had to. You said Jim, yeah. Jim
played one year, then went away to the war, and then
came back right after the war and played for Coach
Norton. He's retired back there now. Oh, good.
Let's see,
were there religious activities at the Y? Yes.
That's where Mr. Hensel's funeral was held, in the
Y. When was that? You know, I can't tell you. I wrote
all that up in a single... Was it after you were
away? Oh, yeah, I was in Oklahoma. I got back for the
funeral, and I remember I never will forget
because all of a sudden the lens fell out of my right
side and I had glasses, and I didn't have any
glasses. Then we went over to Ms. Henson's for a
meal, but...
I forgot who the pallbearers were. I know I was not.
Because they were not sure I'd get there in time.
But that's all right. I kept up with Miss Ansel
after that. Every time I'd go, I'd go see her
regularly. And I'd take her something. And when
she died, Bill said that you have been nicer to my
mother than anybody else has. Of course, I was
loyal to Ms. Jensel, and every now and then, Buddy
Benz would give me an orchid or two, and I'd give
them to her before we got the Benz school up there.
See, that was another thing we did.
Buddy Benz had the Benz School of Design and had
written three books on it. He probably knew all
that. Anyway, if you happen to see Jim Johnson,
he's got it. He's done a fantastic job with that
school of bed, school of design. And it was set up in
a real will. He had that set up by a lawyer in the
will. This I probably shouldn't tell you, but
right after Ben's death, Mr. Dean Kunkel called us
down and said, I want you to make an endowed
scholarship, I mean endowed, professorship, and
I'm going to use the rest of the money for
biochemistry
research. And I said, no, Dean, I'm sorry, but you
can't have any of that money. And he said, why not? I
said, because it's set up in the will, tied up, has
to be spent. And if you violate the will, we won't
get any of it. I said, even he knew. Buddy knew
certain things like that disappeared around
there. And I said, he had a large fan that fixed it
tight where nobody could touch it except for that
one purpose. And that's the way it's been. Thank
goodness, because it has become now the school of
floral design. In fact, see, Buddy and his two
sisters made that an endowed chair. And that's
when he wanted to make an endowed chair.
professorship and not a chair. And I said, you
can't do it. And he thought, gee, you know, nobody
had ever told the dean he couldn't. But I knew I had
to, so I did. What kind of activities went on at
Guyon Hall? What did a student go to see at Guyon
Hall? We had assemblies there, is all I can tell
you. And it was on a flat floor. You couldn't see
anything. Oh, every activity of any size was in
there. They had the assembly hall, too, which was,
what did we do in the assembly hall? Assembly hall
was where they had picture shows, yeah.
How often did you go to the movie? I never did go. I
didn't have any money. What did you spend any money
on? What did you spend for fun?
But it didn't induce me, really. We were going to
school and borrowed money, so I didn't spend a lot
for anything. I'm trying to think. That's been so
far back. I
guess I got to go to a picture show now and then at the
assembly hall. That was an interesting old wooden
structure.
They had all the class meetings there and class
elections and those things. Now, it was west of
Sabisa.
Let me think. It was... Toward the railroad from
Sabisa? Well, it was toward Guyon Hall. Oh. Okay.
Over about where the chapel is now. Yeah, it was.
The chapel backed up to it at one time, I believe.
Here in the right... That may be where it was. the
chapel may take its site. Because it wasn't Lowell
Hall next to it. It was next to Lowell Hall. I
remember there was a very narrow walk between
Lowell Hall and the assembly hall. Who were some
famous people that came to the campus while you
were a student? Describe that, please. Well, we
had a We had everybody lined completely around
Kyle Field. And he rode by in
the car of the limousine
with the Secret Service man with him. And then they
had lunch on the farm or something. Then we had a
parade, a review fire on Drillfield. But that's
the biggest man I guess we had come. And then I think
Elder came later. When he came, were you aware of
his physical disabilities? Oh, yeah. We saw him in
Africa with us during the war. Oh, I know you did
during the war. But someone told me that when he
came to visit A&M that time, there were no
photographers allowed to take a picture of his...
Well, I know he had his wheelchair. Yeah, I guess it
was a wheelchair. Come to think of it, I don't know.
They didn't take any pictures. Anyway... All
right, Mrs. Roosevelt came. Do you remember any
other famous celebrities?
I don't remember. Entertainers? Big bands? Well,
we had the big bands. We had Glenn Gray. We had Duke
Ellington.
Those I remember. And... This is a big band era.
They had those down for the military balls and for
the junior, senior prom. We had the big name bands.
Did you go to those dances? I worked a deal.
The social secretary, they wanted some plants
around the bandstand. And they had to get
permission from Mr. Hensel each time they had one.
So I made a deal that if they gave me a package of
dances, I'd get the permits every week. So I'd see
Mr. Hensel the whole time, and I'd get the thing
filled out for him. And so they gave me a package. I
got to give all the dances free.
How did Aggies behave at those dances? What were
they like? Very well behaved. Very well behaved.
There might have been one or two out of line, but
they didn't stay out of line. Aggies, this was
them. But when we had the infantry ball, For
instance, you were supposed to dance with
everybody from your company that day at one time.
So they got in a rush. And you were sometimes just a
continual tag.
But you didn't have to do it. I don't believe I saw
very much misbehavior anywhere unless it was
after the dance was over and those things. And I
didn't see that. We moved out of the dormitories.
And girls would move in there for one dance, or
whatever happened to be the occasion. See, in the
infantry ball, they moved out to Hart Hall, and the
girls stayed in Hart Hall. And I was lucky. One of my
professors and his wife had a freedom of their own.
So you tried to get a place for them to stay. But if
you could, you'd put it in a dormitory.
The
big dances and everything, young ladies came down
on the train or on the buses? Well, sometimes they
came on buses from the CIA, Texas State College for
Women. Sometimes they'd come on the train. There
wasn't much motor transportation then. We had
cars. We didn't have too many cars. I remember my
senior year, we had one car that old boy borrowed,
brought home, brought down for home, and somebody
wrecked it. Bill Turner. Now, did you ever have any
special dates during that era? Did you and Freda
know each other then? Oh, we grew up together in the
same town. Okay. We knew all the in-laws and
out-laws on both sides. Did you bring her down for
some of those dances? She came down for them, but I
guess we came on the train. All the way from
Franklin to College Station on the train? No, she
was in Baylor, in Waco. Oh, wow. And, you know, I
don't remember how we got there. I don't know. We
didn't have a car or anything. They didn't have a
car. But anyway, we got there. And we had good
dances there. Friedrich remembers a lot about the
dances too. All right. The religious activities
around the campus, did you and your buddies go to
church ever? Yeah, we had a church. We had a church,
a Baptist church at the North Gate. And we'd go up
there. I used to know the preacher's name. I've
forgotten it now. But we went to church regularly.
As regularly as you can, I guess. Was there a
religious emphasis week then? No. That wasn't? I
can't tell you. I don't remember.
What about athletics? Describe a Saturday home
football day. What did that day include? When did
it begin? It began at Reveille. I went to bed at
Taps. But I remember... We had not beaten TCU in 10
years, and we beat them in 37, I think it was. And
somebody made a grave on the end of the, you know
where the bugle stand used to be? Bell and Jimmy,
all right. Somebody made a grave there and put it
through the boom. It says, here lies a TCU jinx.
Dead no longer stinks. And later in Oklahoma, I had
a flower shop. And we meet somebody, Texas, I
guess. And I put a little grave in the window. A
little boy came in and offered me $100. I said, you
can have it.
But I remember that Homer Arden, that week, had a
big stand built. And he'd say, hit him again. He
kept laying flat on his back. And that was Sammy
Ball. And they'd have him laying flat on his back
all afternoon. And they beat TCU for the first time
in 10 years. All right. Now, those football days,
you'd get up early in the morning. And what'd you
all do on the Saturday morning of a home game
other than go to class?
Well, we had Saturday classes in between. I guess
we got out of Franklin to Haskell. I don't remember
what we did. Was there a pass-by in those days? Did
you march in for review at the game? No.
No. No, the core was a later thing. But I remember
that. All right, and you stood at the game with your
date. You stood at the game with your date. And we
were never allowed to sit down any time. And if you
won the game, whose job was it to go get the yell
leaders? That came later, too. Oh, really? Oh, so.
Well, we didn't have a fish pond until the class of
38. Now, let me think. I guess they went after them,
but I don't know who went after them or what they did
with them. You see, the class of 38 gave that
fountain, and it's been repaired and worked over
so many times. And I know when we had our
one reunion, I asked them if they would repair it
and have it running for that occasion. They said,
yeah, we've already spent so much money on that
thing that we don't want to spend any more. Who
suggested that the class of 38 give the fish pond?
Do you know? I don't know who suggested it. I guess
John Bone. And John
Bowman was like his president, I'm sure. I know he
did, because he told me one time he had a whole
series of letters from Mr. Enzo back and forth
between the two. And I said, well, if you give me
those letters, I'd like to have them and put them in
the archive. But he never got around to give them to
me. So anyway, I know that John was in on it, of
course, as president. And there was someone else
that keeps reminding us that everybody, somebody
owed so much money on that pond, yeah. And I forgot
who it was. It was somebody from West Texas, from
Midland. I can't prove his name out right now.
After a home victory, where did Aggies go to
celebrate on Saturday night?
What's that bridge down that road? Uncle Ed's?
Uncle Ed's. Oh, you can find him there all the time.
And how was that name? Was it H-Y-R-D?
Maybe Hard Liquor. Well, I know it was Hard Liquor,
but was it a Czech name? Yeah. Because I've tried to
find out H-Y-R-D-L-Y-C-K-A or whatever it was. I
don't think you're close on that one. Okay. I
don't know. That should be somewhere. It should be
in this row somewhere. Because everybody went
there. Describe the place. How big was it? I didn't
go. Oh, you didn't go? I didn't drink beer. I didn't
go.
Let's see. Basketball. Describe DeWare
Fieldhouse and what it was like to go to a game
there. It was worse than the Holler House on the
Browns I ever thought about, Mick. It was so small.
And they only had seats on each side. It wasn't an
oval. And very few people got to go because there
just wasn't enough room.
Describe the Aggie student body. What was a
typical Aggie student in those days? Where were
Aggies from? What were their attitudes?
Were they city boys or country boys? I guess they
were more from the city than they were from the
country, I'd say. Maybe 60-40, maybe.
They all came to A&M because of the leadership.
built in, everybody
came in because they wanted to. And they weren't
pushed there at all. And
some went because people in their hometown had
gone there and different reasons like that. The
current word is diversity. How diverse was the
student body then? Not very diverse. Do you
remember some Catholic boys? Jewish? Let me think
of it.
I know we had both of them. I had friends with both of
them. but I can't remember the names right now.
Let's see.
I can't remember who they were. Were there some
Hispanic? Very few, very few. Were there some that
were rich?
Well, I don't know whether they were or not. I
worked all the time, so I didn't know. I do know that
some of the boys on the corps staff
didn't worry about money. They seemed to be all
right. And I guess some of them had enough money
they didn't have to worry about anything. But I
never was familiar. I had one friend that was a
freshman with me, and his
stepdaddy was a banker, and he sent him out with a
checkbook. And you know, that's when one semester
flunked everything there was. And he went to
Baylor and did the same thing. So he
and his brother ended up in the Air Corps. They both
came out of the war all right, but they didn't go
back to school. You spent more money in one year
than I spent the whole time, four or five years. Do
you have any idea what a year cost at A&M in those
days? I can tell you.
My class president who just died at our last
reunion told us that he spent $303.
Total or total? First year. And he ended up as a
banker. The big student organizations then, the
core was the ultimate. What other organizations
were there with high prestige? Well, we had the
Ross Volunteers. I got a bid at Ross Vaughan, too,
and I didn't have a hundred dollars to buy a uniform
with. And I understand there were a couple or three
secret fraternities on campus, but I don't know
what they were. It was rumored. Do you know what
their names were? I think True Texans was one.
That's the one I can recall. All right, now I've
heard of another one called the Stickers. Never
heard of that one. uh... what was their purpose do
you have any idea what was there reason for being
like fraternity two or three people have offered
this the gas that their primary reason was to try to
get their members as core commanders uh... that to
get their group in the key positions
working on monday i i wouldn't want anything I
worked an awful lot. Other than that, I was in class
or at work nine hours a day. And that don't leave you
a lot of time. I didn't get around a lot and make a lot
of friends. My very best friend was killed at the
beginning of our senior year in an airplane crash.
David Murphy from Ohio. They were... chasing that
Bloomingdale Railroad train. Uh-oh. And hit
something down, there went two of them. Other
organizations, how prestigious was the Aggie
band then? Oh, it's always been one of the best
things there. It's always been the hardest thing
to get in, too. You had to be a good musician,
always. It's gotten so big now that they have our
specialties, all of them. What about Yale
leaders? Was that important? Oh, yes. I remember
they had the Yale leader elections every year. And
I remember,
I'm trying to think of his name now.
But they had the Yale leader election every year.
We had Yale practice in front of Hawaii. for a long
time, then it went over to Henderson Hall. Didn't
last long before Henderson Hall, though. That was
popular because of so much mud, it rained. But,
uh... And, uh, was, uh... I'm trying to think of
somebody's name. You remember the basketball
player named, uh...
They were four brothers.
Well, we'll get it later. And was it important to be
the senior class president?
Well, I guess it was. Because you all didn't have a
student body president then, I don't think.
Senior class president was Tom Murrow. He died a
couple weeks ago. And he was also a freshman class
president. No, he was freshman class president.
and captain of the band. And John Bone was senior
class president. And John Bone went to work for the
IBM. And he met a lady, a girl from Norman,
Oklahoma, who I know real well. I've kept up with
her all the years. And then about three years ago,
they had a tree day in Oklahoma, and invited me to
come up as a special guest for planting trees,
because I had planted over two hundred trees on
that campus. And then I had also planted a hundred
and eight million through garden clubs on the
project one year. The president, who was a former
senator, Boren, asked me to come up there, and they
had a big program about the trees. In the middle
30s, the water table dropped to 108 feet, and all
the big trees on campus died. So we replaced them,
and I had the chance to choose a tree of choice to
replace them with, which was a red oak. And they're
now beautiful, beautiful fall colors. And last
time I was on that campus, I got to see those things
in color. Now that causes me to ask you to describe
the planting of all of those live oak trees on the
A&M campus. It's a good story. a professor of
botany wanted to put American, uh, palms. And he
and Mr. Hensel had a debate. Mr. Hensel once said,
we'd be glad if it was to be the tree. But when I went
there in 34, they said put palms all the way down
Ross Avenue. When I went there in 34, there was four
left with the palms. And in the last junior year,
those froze. They had no more palms on campus.
That's why we have the live oaks, the stenciled
children. When did the live oaks, when were they
first put out going east? All right, that's a good
question. Very few people know that story. It's
the only time that I was ever aware that they had an
appropriation of money to buy trees. But they put
out trees less than two inches in diameter. They
cost $1.75 a piece. And they came from Griffin's
Nursery in Beaumont. And of course they've done
very well. But... Do you remember how many there
were in the purchase?
No, I don't. I do know that that's what they told us.
But now later, when I was first there, we'd
establish the perimeter trees. And I bought those
from a nursery in
Kingsville, yeah, down in the valley.
We could take those trees, they were two-inch
trees, row-run, set them down in a row, take them as
they come, for $200 apiece. So they increased the
load. But we did the perimeter of the campus then.
And we put them 80 feet apart so they could grow,
make a statement, and put them 80 feet back from the
curb so they wouldn't have to cut them down, ever.
Which was later proved, because later they
widened in Texas. And thank goodness we didn't
lose the trees. But we lost one big tree in that
expansion. It was on the golf course, hanging over
the curb. But nobody could see that tree anyway. It
was out in the street.
Did you, as a student, help set out those first live
oaks? No. But that's the only time we ever had
money. We collected acres every year and planted
them in the greenhouse. put them in a four-inch pot
until they got about a foot or two tall, then took
them out on what is now Canyon Hill, way out there
across Bethel, and grew them in a nursery, and then
brought them back to the campus. Now, I do know that
when they had the big ice storm in 1936 or 1937,
some of those trees were two inches in diameter by
then. Between the Ag Building and the library, and
they got isolated and snapped in two. We hauled
brush off that campus for weeks and a lot of the big
limbs came down too because they were isolated and
got overweight.
Blessed with the gift of hindsight, were we well
advised to concentrate on live oaks or would have
been better to have had a variety of trees? Well, I
think that a variety would have been better. But I
think that the live oaks established the pattern.
And I think that a tree, a prominent tree of live
oaks was all right. A few others mixed in at the time
would have been all right, I think. But hindsight,
as you say, is better than foresight. I've often
wondered that oak that the students now call the
Century Oak. The photographs that I have seen of
the original Old Main building cause me to think
that tree is not quite as old as the students think
it is. I don't think so. It's just called the
Century Oak because it's the biggest oak we have
and it's one you can climb in. A very historical
oak. Now, you remember some Senior class gathered
acorns and planted them and sold seedlings from
the century oak. I don't remember what class it
was, but they did that to raise money for their
class gift. Let's see. Project houses. Oh, yeah.
Please describe them and the students who lived
over there. All right.
a doctor's name. Dan Russell. Dan Russell got the
idea that they could come down there and bring
groceries and food and cows, milk cows. And the
first one was in Brown. And it went over so good, the
university built those 12 down there. And they
worked hard. They came out all right. Many of them,
oh boy, got to go to school through the project
houses. And when I went back to A&M,
Morris Bloodworth was a Project House boy. And he
was head of soil and crop sciences. And
they'd have a Project House reunion every year.
But that worked very well. And Dr. Russell should
have been given a lot more recognition for it, I
think, than he got. Were they built while you were a
student? Yes. Some of them were already there? The
first one, some were in Bryan. But they built those
while I was there. And I'm trying to think of a...
I'm not sure they were either. There was another
one out on the Horticulture Farm that they made a
project house for people from over around
Crockett
I don't really know now. Let me see. Now, I do know
this. After we made the test gardens at A&M, Dr.
Russell would come over and walk through those. He
got more kick and benefit from a test garden than I
believe anybody else. He would come over and spend
hours studying the flowers. They were all set up
and labeled, you know. And he, I'd see him over
there lots of times. after he retired, walking
through, spending time with him. And that did me a
lot of good to see him, enjoy him. He seemed always
to be deeply concerned about students. Yes, he was
very. He was very concerned about students and
their well-being and how they were getting along.
Let's see.
Your senior boots, do you remember when you bought
them? Oh, yeah. Describe, please. I bought them
from Lou Casey in San Antonio and paid $35 a pair for
them. And I bought them. They made them in the
summer. They were all handmade back in those days,
special for you, custom made for everybody. And I
understand now those boots cost $600 to $700 a
pair. $35 for boots, $25 for a senior ring. And the
boots, they said I had the biggest pair of calves of
a person they'd ever seen. And those were the
biggest boots they'd ever made. And
I just bought one of everything in the uniform.
That's all I could afford. And I told you about
Steve Sikash earlier. the federal transit bureau
boy. He was the only one of those boys I know that
finished a program. He finished landscape
architecture. And when I graduated, I gave him my
boots and everything. And see, I'd worn the soul
draw three times my senior year. I had one pair of
pink trousers and then boots. And anyway,
those boots were made for me the summer of 37 in San
Antonio.
But I can't believe we paid $39 for them, but we did.
Did you hitchhike over there to get them?
They finished it up up there. Oh, so you could buy
either from Hollick's or Lucchese. Hollick's
came in the picture much later. Lucchese was early
in the scene. I don't remember Hollick's until
after our senior year. Maybe after I got back
there.
In terms of your senior ring, do you have any senior
ring stories of where you lost it or somebody
spotted it? Please share any ring stories. Okay.
During the war, I had to lead the regimental column
from Oran across to Tunisia. And we went through
the Atlas Mountains, and it was cold. And I woke up
one morning.